README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD041 -->

<img
  align="right"
  alt="Logo of xtasks"
  height="261"
  src="https://kura.pro/xtasks/images/logos/xtasks.webp"
  title="Logo of xtasks"
  width="261"
  />

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 MD041 -->

# xtasks

Essential tools and tasks for Rust projects using the xtask pattern, simplifying
common build and development workflows.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD041 -->
<center>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 MD041 -->

![Banner of xtasks][banner]

[![Made With Rust][made-with-rust-badge]][14] [![Crates.io][crates-badge]][8] [![Lib.rs][libs-badge]][10] [![Docs.rs][docs-badge]][9] [![License][license-badge]][3] [![Codecov][codecov-badge]][15]

• [Website][1] • [Documentation][9] • [Report Bug][4] • [Request Feature][4] • [Contributing Guidelines][5]

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD041 -->
</center>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 MD041 -->

![divider][divider]

## Overview

`xtasks` is a comprehensive Rust library designed to facilitate common
operations and tasks in projects that adhere to the xtask pattern. This pattern
is prevalent in the Rust ecosystem, where it is used to define custom build,
test, and deployment scripts within a project’s workspace.

## Table of Contents

- [xtasks](#xtasks)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Running the Tests](#running-the-tests)
  - [Semantic Versioning Policy](#semantic-versioning-policy)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

You will need Rust and Cargo installed on your system. If you don't have them installed, you can install them from the official Rust website.

### Installation

To use `xtasks`, add it as a dependency to your `Cargo.toml` file:

```shell
[dependencies]
xtasks = "0.0.1"
```

Then, in your `lib.rs` or `main.rs` file, add:

```shell
extern crate xtasks;
```

## Usage

You can use `xtasks` to simplify and standardize the process of building,
testing, and deploying your Rust projects. For more detailed usage examples,
please refer to the library's documentation.

## Running the Tests

To run the tests, use the following command:

```shell
cargo test
```

## Semantic Versioning Policy

For transparency into our release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, xtasks Static Site Generator (SSG) follows [semantic versioning][7].

## License

The project is licensed under the terms of both the MIT license and the Apache License (Version 2.0).

- [Apache License, Version 2.0][2]
- [MIT license][3]

## Contribution

We welcome all people who want to contribute. Please see the [contributing instructions][5] for more information.

Contributions in any form (issues, pull requests, etc.) to this project must adhere to the [Rust's Code of Conduct][16].

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the
Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

## Acknowledgements

A big thank you to all the awesome contributors of [xtasks][6] for their help and support.

A special thank you goes to the [Rust Reddit][13] community for providing a lot of useful suggestions on how to improve this project.

[0]: https://minifunctions.com/ "The Rust Mini Functions"
[1]: https://xtasks.pro "xtasks Website"
[2]: https://opensource.org/license/apache-2-0/ "Apache License, Version 2.0"
[3]: http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT "MIT license"
[4]: https://github.com/sebastienrousseau/xtasks/issues "Issues"
[5]: https://github.com/sebastienrousseau/xtasks/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md "Contributing"
[6]: https://github.com/sebastienrousseau/xtasks/graphs/contributors "Contributors"
[7]: http://semver.org/ "Semantic Versioning"
[8]: https://crates.io/crates/ssg "Crate.io"
[9]: https://docs.rs/crate/xtasks/ "Docs.rs"
[10]: https://lib.rs/crates/xtasks "Lib.rs"
[11]: https://github.com/sebastienrousseau/xtasks/actions "Actions"
[12]: https://github.github.com/gfm/ "GitHub Flavoured Markdown"
[13]: https://www.reddit.com/r/rust/ "Rust Reddit"
[14]: https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started "Rust"
[15]: https://codecov.io/github/sebastienrousseau/xtasks?branch=main "Codecov"
[16]: https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct "Rust's Code of Conduct"
[17]: https://forge.rust-lang.org/release/platform-support.html "Rust Platform Support"

[banner]: https://kura.pro/xtasks/images/titles/title-xtasks.webp "Banner of xtasks"
[codecov-badge]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/sebastienrousseau/xtasks?style=for-the-badge&token=wAcpid8YEt 'Codecov'

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/xtasks.svg?style=for-the-badge 'Crates.io badge'
[divider]: https://kura.pro/common/images/elements/divider.svg "divider"
[docs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/docsrs/xtasks.svg?style=for-the-badge 'Docs.rs badge'
[libs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/lib.rs-v0.0.1-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge 'Lib.rs badge'
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/l/xtasks.svg?style=for-the-badge 'License badge'
[made-with-rust-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-f04041?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=c0282d&logo=rust 'Made With Rust badge'

Commit message:

feat(xtasks): :sparkles: added .cargo and github workflows

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD041 -->

<img
  align="right"
  alt="Logo of XTasks"
  height="261"
  src="https://kura.pro/xtasks/images/logos/xtasks.webp"
  title="Logo of XTasks"
  width="261"
  />

<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 MD041 -->

# XTasks

Essential tools and tasks for Rust projects using the xtask pattern, simplifying
common build and development workflows.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD041 -->
<center>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 MD041 -->

![Banner of XTasks][banner]

[![Made With Rust][made-with-rust-badge]][14] [![Crates.io][crates-badge]][8] [![Lib.rs][libs-badge]][10] [![Docs.rs][docs-badge]][9] [![License][license-badge]][3] [![Codecov][codecov-badge]][15]

• [Website][1] • [Documentation][9] • [Report Bug][4] • [Request Feature][4] • [Contributing Guidelines][5]

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD041 -->
</center>
<!-- markdownlint-enable MD033 MD041 -->

![divider][divider]

## Overview

`XTasks` is a comprehensive Rust library designed to facilitate common
operations and tasks in projects that adhere to the xtask pattern. This pattern
is prevalent in the Rust ecosystem, where it is used to define custom build,
test, and deployment scripts within a project’s workspace.

## Table of Contents

- [XTasks](#xtasks)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Running the Tests](#running-the-tests)
  - [Semantic Versioning Policy](#semantic-versioning-policy)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

You will need Rust and Cargo installed on your system. If you don't have them installed, you can install them from the official Rust website.

### Installation

To use `XTasks`, add it as a dependency to your `Cargo.toml` file:

```shell
[dependencies]
xtasks = "0.0.1"
```

Then, in your `lib.rs` or `main.rs` file, add:

```shell
extern crate xtasks;
```

## Usage

You can use `XTasks` to simplify and standardize the process of building,
testing, and deploying your Rust projects. For more detailed usage examples,
please refer to the library's documentation.

## Running the Tests

To run the tests, use the following command:

```shell
cargo test
```

## Semantic Versioning Policy

For transparency into our release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, XTasks follows [semantic versioning][7].

## License

The project is licensed under the terms of both the MIT license and the Apache License (Version 2.0).

- [Apache License, Version 2.0][2]
- [MIT license][3]

## Contribution

We welcome all people who want to contribute. Please see the [contributing instructions][5] for more information.

Contributions in any form (issues, pull requests, etc.) to this project must adhere to the [Rust's Code of Conduct][16].

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the
Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

## Acknowledgements

A big thank you to all the awesome contributors of [xtasks][6] for their help and support.

A special thank you goes to the [Rust Reddit][13] community for providing a lot of useful suggestions on how to improve this project.

[0]: https://minifunctions.com/ "The Rust Mini Functions"
[1]: https://xtasks.pro "xtasks Website"
[2]: https://opensource.org/license/apache-2-0/ "Apache License, Version 2.0"
[3]: http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT "MIT license"
[4]: https://github.com/sebastienrousseau/xtasks/issues "Issues"
[5]: https://github.com/sebastienrousseau/xtasks/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md "Contributing"
[6]: https://github.com/sebastienrousseau/xtasks/graphs/contributors "Contributors"
[7]: http://semver.org/ "Semantic Versioning"
[8]: https://crates.io/crates/xtasks "Crate.io"
[9]: https://docs.rs/crate/xtasks/ "Docs.rs"
[10]: https://lib.rs/crates/xtasks "Lib.rs"
[11]: https://github.com/sebastienrousseau/xtasks/actions "Actions"
[12]: https://github.github.com/gfm/ "GitHub Flavoured Markdown"
[13]: https://www.reddit.com/r/rust/ "Rust Reddit"
[14]: https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started "Rust"
[15]: https://codecov.io/github/sebastienrousseau/xtasks?branch=main "Codecov"
[16]: https://www.rust-lang.org/policies/code-of-conduct "Rust's Code of Conduct"
[17]: https://forge.rust-lang.org/release/platform-support.html "Rust Platform Support"

[banner]: https://kura.pro/xtasks/images/titles/title-xtasks.webp "Banner of xtasks"
[codecov-badge]: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/sebastienrousseau/xtasks?style=for-the-badge&token=wAcpid8YEt 'Codecov'

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/xtasks.svg?style=for-the-badge 'Crates.io badge'
[divider]: https://kura.pro/common/images/elements/divider.svg "divider"
[docs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/docsrs/xtasks.svg?style=for-the-badge 'Docs.rs badge'
[libs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/lib.rs-v0.0.1-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge 'Lib.rs badge'
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/l/xtasks.svg?style=for-the-badge 'License badge'
[made-with-rust-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-f04041?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=c0282d&logo=rust 'Made With Rust badge'
